Privacy Policy
Nordic Connect
I. PRIVACY AND DATA PROTECTION POLICY
Respecting the provisions of current legislation, Nordic Connect (hereinafter also Website) undertakes to adopt the necessary technical and organizational measures, according to the level of security appropriate to the risk of the data collected.
Laws that this privacy policy incorporates
This privacy policy is adapted to current Spanish and European regulations regarding the protection of personal data on the internet. Specifically, it respects the following rules:
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of April 27, 2016, regarding the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and the free circulation of this data (GDPR).
Organic Law 3/2018, of December 5, on the Protection of Personal Data and guarantee of digital rights (LOPD-GDD).
Royal Decree 1720/2007, of December 21, which approves the Regulations for the development of Organic Law 15/1999, of December 13, on the Protection of Personal Data (RDLOPD).
Law 34/2002, of July 11, on Information Society Services and Electronic Commerce (LSSI-CE).
Identity of the person responsible for the processing of personal data
The person responsible for the processing of personal data collected in Nordic Connect is: Nordic Connect SL, provided with NIF: and registered at: with the following registration details: , whose representative is: Nordic Connect (in forward, Data Controller). Your contact information is as follows:
Address: Calle Cardenal Beluga 1
Contact telephone number:
Contact email: legal@nordicconnect.pro
Registration of Personal Data
In compliance with the provisions of the RGPD and the LOPD-GDD, we inform you that The personal data collected by Nordic Connect, through the forms provided on its pages, will be incorporated and processed in our file in order to facilitate, expedite and fulfill the commitments established between Nordic Connect and the User or the maintenance of the relationship established. established in the forms that he fills out, or to respond to a request or query from the same. Likewise, in accordance with the provisions of the RGPD and the LOPD-GDD, unless the exception provided for in article 30.5 of the RGPD applies, a record of processing activities is maintained that specifies, according to its purposes, the processing activities. carried out and the other circumstances established in the RGPD.
Principles applicable to the processing of personal data
The processing of the User's personal data will be subject to the following principles included in article 5 of the RGPD and in article 4 and following of Organic Law 3/2018, of December 5, on the Protection of Personal Data and guarantee of the digital rights:
Principle of legality, loyalty and transparency: the User's consent will be required at all times following completely transparent information about the purposes for which personal data is collected.
Purpose limitation principle: personal data will be collected for specific, explicit and legitimate purposes.
Data minimization principle: the personal data collected will only be strictly necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed.
Accuracy principle: personal data must be accurate and always up to date.
Principle of limitation of the conservation period: personal data will only be maintained in a way that allows the identification of the User for the time necessary for the purposes of its processing.
Principle of integrity and confidentiality: personal data will be treated in a way that guarantees its security and confidentiality.
Principle of proactive responsibility: the Data Controller will be responsible for ensuring that the above principles are met.
Categories of personal data
The categories of data processed in Nordic Connect are solely identifying data. Under no circumstances are special categories of personal data processed within the meaning of Article 9 of the GDPR.
Legal basis for the processing of personal data
The legal basis for the processing of personal data is consent. Nordic Connect undertakes to obtain the express and verifiable consent of the User for the processing of their personal data for one or more specific purposes.
The User will have the right to withdraw their consent at any time. It will be as easy to withdraw consent as it is to give it. As a general rule, withdrawal of consent will not condition the use of the Website.
On occasions in which the User must or can provide their data through forms to make queries, request information or for reasons related to the content of the Website, they will be informed if the completion of any of them is mandatory. because they are essential for the correct development of the operation carried out.
Purposes of the processing for which personal data are intended
Personal data is collected and managed by Nordic Connect in order to facilitate, expedite and fulfill the commitments established between the Website and the User or the maintenance of the relationship established in the forms that the latter fills out or to attend to a request. request or query.
Likewise, the data may be used for commercial personalization, operational and statistical purposes, and activities specific to the corporate purpose of Nordic Connect, as well as for the extraction, storage of data and marketing studies to adapt the Content offered to the User, as well as how to improve the quality, operation and navigation of the Website.
At the time the personal data is obtained, the User will be informed about the specific purpose or purposes of the processing for which the personal data will be used; that is, the use or uses that will be given to the information collected.
Retention periods of personal data
Personal data will only be retained for the minimum time necessary for the purposes of its processing and, in any case, only during the following period: Never, or until the User requests its deletion.
At the time the personal data is obtained, the User will be informed of the period for which the personal data will be retained or, where this is not possible, the criteria used to determine this period.
Recipients of personal data
The User's personal data will be shared with the following recipients or categories of recipients:
In the event that the Controller intends to transfer personal data to a third country or international organization, at the time the personal data is obtained, the User will be informed about the third country or international organization to which the data is intended to be transferred, as well as the existence or absence of an adequacy decision from the Commission.
Personal data of minors
Respecting the provisions of articles 8 of the RGPD and 7 of Organic Law 3/2018, of December 5, on the Protection of Personal Data and guarantee of digital rights, only those over 14 years of age may grant your consent to the lawful processing of your personal data by Nordic Connect. If it is a minor under 14 years of age, the consent of the parents or guardians will be necessary for the treatment, and this will only be considered lawful to the extent that they have authorized it.
Secrecy and security of personal data
Nordic Connect undertakes to adopt the necessary technical and organizational measures, according to the level of security appropriate to the risk of the data collected, so as to guarantee the security of personal data and prevent accidental or accidental destruction, loss or alteration. unlawful use of personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed, or unauthorized communication or access to such data.
The Website has an SSL (Secure Socket Layer) certificate, which ensures that personal data is transmitted securely and confidentially, as the transmission of data between the server and the User, and in feedback, is fully encrypted or encrypted. .
However, because Nordic Connect cannot guarantee the impregnability of the Internet or the total absence of hackers or others who fraudulently access personal data, the Data Controller undertakes to inform the User without undue delay when a violation occurs. of the security of personal data that is likely to entail a high risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons. Following the provisions of Article 4 of the GDPR, a breach of personal data security is understood to be any breach of security that causes the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or alteration of personal data transmitted, preserved or otherwise processed, or unauthorized communication or access to said data.
The personal data will be treated as confidential by the Data Controller, who undertakes to inform and guarantee through a legal or contractual obligation that said confidentiality is respected by its employees, associates, and any person to whom the data is made accessible. information.
Rights derived from the processing of personal data
The User has over Nordic Connect and may, therefore, exercise against the Data Controller the following rights recognized in the RGPD and Organic Law 3/2018, of December 5, on Data Protection Personal and guarantee of digital rights:
Right of access: It is the User's right to obtain confirmation of whether or not Nordic Connect is processing their personal data and, if so, obtain information about their specific personal data and the processing that is carried out. Nordic Connect has made or is making, as well as, among other things, the information available on the origin of said data and the recipients of the communications made or planned for them.
Right to rectification: It is the User's right to have their personal data modified that turns out to be inaccurate or, taking into account the purposes of the treatment, incomplete.
Right to deletion ("the right to be forgotten"): It is the right of the User, provided that current legislation does not establish otherwise, to obtain the deletion of their personal data when they are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected. or treaties; the User has withdrawn his consent to the treatment and this does not have another legal basis; the User opposes the treatment and there is no other legitimate reason to continue with it; the personal data have been processed unlawfully; personal data must be deleted in compliance with a legal obligation; or the personal data have been obtained as a result of a direct offer of information society services to a minor under 14 years of age. In addition to deleting the data, the Controller, taking into account the available technology and the cost of its application, must take reasonable measures to inform those responsible who are processing the personal data of the interested party's request to delete any link to those personal data.
Right to limitation of processing: It is the User's right to limit the processing of their personal data. The User has the right to obtain the limitation of processing when he challenges the accuracy of his personal data; the treatment is illicit; The Data Controller no longer needs the personal data, but the User needs it to make claims; and when the User has opposed the treatment.
Right to data portability: In the event that the processing is carried out by automated means, the User will have the right to receive their personal data from the Data Controller in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and to transmit it to another controller. of the treatment. Whenever technically possible, the Data Controller will directly transmit the data to that other controller.
Right to object: It is the User's right not to have their personal data processed or to have their processing stopped by Nordic Connect.
Right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling: This is the User's right not to be subject to an individualized decision based solely on the automated processing of their personal data, including profiling, existing unless current legislation establishes otherwise.
Thus, the User may exercise their rights by written communication addressed to the Data Controller with the reference "RGPD-https://nordicconnect.pro/", specifying:
Name, surname of the User and copy of the DNI. In cases where representation is admitted, identification by the same means of the person representing the User will also be necessary, as well as the document accrediting the representation. The photocopy of the DNI may be replaced by any other legally valid means that proves identity.
Request with the specific reasons for the request or information you want to access.
Address for notification purposes.
Date and signature of the applicant.
Any document that proves the request you make.
This application and any other attached document may be sent to the following address and/or email:
Postal address: Calle Cardenal Beluga 1
Email: legal@nordicconnect.pro
Links to third-party websites
The Website may include hyperlinks or links that allow access websites of third parties other than Nordic Connect, and which are therefore not operated by Nordic Connect. The owners of these websites will have their own data protection policies, being themselves, in each case, responsible for their own files and their own privacy practices.
Claims before the supervisory authority
In the event that the User considers that there is a problem or violation of current regulations in the way in which their personal data is being processed, they will have the right to effective judicial protection and to file a claim before an authority. of control, in particular, in the State in which he has his habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement. In the case of Spain, the control authority is the Spanish Data Protection Agency (http://www.agpd.es).
